m
you know it's for me she's the sexy
for malabo with beard
it's true the beard is good because
formerly the bar it was synonymous with
dirt of brutality or even of
vulgarity and now it's downright
in fashion it's so fashionable that this
evening we have a boring evening dedicated to
bearded and organized by the father brand
of elise hours a kind of fertilizer
for beard
then you go for a ride and go
to meet these pocono sons
you like the bars you men
bearded yes but not too long not like
that before it was salsa was doing
vikings now it's class to have
beard
yeah well they are legion but our
forests what they want before it's a
little forgotten forgotten time to shave at
work today good I take two
take cities do take their freedom
it's not worse
there are times like that there was there
were in buses from the beginning of the century
last it was the hats pressed
the caps but I have a good there it is
beard right now and I fell
that you appreciate the bearded not
especially it was not a criterion
it's someone I saw an ad
as his justice does the same I remain
really pushed to really be
different from the other queries and I
am the most beautiful of culture I am
nothing and chromes times French singer
Desperate I feel beautiful I feel manly
and I feel like it's clean
can I test one of the
products that makes my beard grow because
that I really have duvet you go
see what to test something that has a
immediate effect then you abandoned the
palm of the hand
you have a guy the spray
that's where I became a man killed him
a half of men then the beard is
not just a question of will or
patience and especially contagious I like
spend more than two hours with that
bearded and there I feel a little bit
more manly and especially I tested the
products supposed to speed up the shoot
so we'll see tomorrow if I have a
real big beard go ciao
I am the King